So, you are excited to go out in service.
Do you think you are ready?
Not so fast.
Before you go in the ministry, there's a few things we need to go over.
First, we must learn the three P's.
The three P's?
Yes.
Preparation, personal appearance, and proper behavior.
First, preparation.
Preparation is the first pillar of success in the ministry.
Every job requires the proper tools.
When it comes to tools for preaching, the variety might seem intimidating,
but never fear.
We have the teaching toolbox.
Finding the right tools is easier than ever.
Once you have your tools, make sure and practice your presentation
before you leave the house.
We don't want to be preparing on the doorstep.
Now that you are well prepared,
it's time to talk about...
Personal appearance.
How we look is very important because we represent Jehovah.
Getting ready for the ministry, we need to make sure our appearance is saying the right things.
Jehovah wants your appearance to be well arranged and modest.
What that means is that we look and smell clean.
Our clothes fit well, but not too well.
Our hair is done.
And we are enjoying too much attention to ourselves.
Looking sharp, my son.
Now it's time to talk about...
Proper behavior.
Our conduct while in the ministry is another way we can bring praise to Jehovah.
So make sure you are on your best behavior.
Avoid talking or laughing loudly.
Playing around.
Or intruding on anyone's property or privacy.
Also, no eating at the door.
Remember, when we go door to door, people see us.
And good behavior gives a good witness.
We would never want to give anyone a reason to find fault with our ministry.
Can I go downstairs now?
Yes, looks like you are ready.
It's time to put the three P's to the test.
Hi, my name's Caleb. What's your name?
Hi, Caleb. My name is...